Add product docs for eval sets (#26)
extend-hq/documentation: product-reference/evaluation/overview.mdx

---
title: "Overview"
description: "Understanding evaluation sets and how to use them in Extend"
---

Evaluation sets allow you to reliably and continuously test the accuracy and performance of your AI document processors in Extend.
By creating sets of representative document examples with validated outputs, you can verify that your extraction and classification configs are working as intended and identify areas for improvement, 

> while also rapidly evaluate changes to see if they have improved the accuracy of your processors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
while also rapidly evaluating changes to see if they have improved the accuracy of your processors.
```

![](/images/evaluations/eval_home_page.png)

You can view and manage your evaluation sets from the Evaluation page in the Studio section of Extend. Here you'll find a list of your existing evaluation sets along with options to create new sets and run evaluations.

> Evaluation is a key part of how we build the best AI document processors for your use cases in Extend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Evaluation is a key part in building the best AI document processors for your use cases in Extend:
```
